c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectAdd.resources
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectList.resources
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectEdit.resources
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZcbList.resources
c:\users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZcbEdit.resources
C:\Users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZbbEdit.resources
C:\Users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZbbList.resources
C:\Users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmHtbEdit.resources
C:\Users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmHtbList.resources
C:\Users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmReport.resources
C:\Users\rianman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectAdd.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZbbEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmHtbEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectInfo.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\project_info.html
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCgbEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
E:\我的开发\招标管理系统\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\project_info.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectInfo.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZbbEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmHtbEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCgbEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\myfiles\myfiles\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\project_info.html
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectInfo.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmProjectList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmZbbEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmHtbEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCgbEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\project_info.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordInEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOutEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPriceEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\project_info.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmIsSensorEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150313\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.PrintSet.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.PrintSet.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150314\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.PrintSet.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150402\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RptRecord.rdlc
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.PrintSet.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RptRecord.rdlc
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RptRecord.rdlc
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.PrintSet.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150403\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.PrintSet.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RdlcRecord.rdlc
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\采石场项目20150406\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.ReportViwer.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint2.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordPrint.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.MYUIReportViwer.resources
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\px.html
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RdlcRecord.rdlc
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\rainman\Desktop\采石场项目20150407\Projects\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.MYUIPrintSetting.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RdlcRecord.rdlc
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.MYUIPrintSetting.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.MYUIReportViwer.resources
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
E:\我的开发\采石厂项目\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmAbout.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSysConfig.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmLogin.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmPasswordEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordIn.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.MyUIPrintSetting.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmRecordOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmUserEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCarList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmKindAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyAdd.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyList.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmCompanyEdit.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMingXi.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchHuiZongKind.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchYear.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchMonth.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.FrmSearchNotOut.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.MyUIReportViwer.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\RdlcRecord.rdlc
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.application
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\ZHBB.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\Aspose.Cells.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\MyUI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\bin\Debug\MyUI.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\MyWinForm\我的开发\ZHBB\ZHBB\obj\Debug\ZHBB.application
